# What Is This?

Intended for people in my team, this document is to help you understand how I
work. It is designed so that I can be more predictable *for you*, be more
accountable *to you*, and you get the most value out of me as your manager.

This document **is not** a replacement for direct interactions between us, or a
FAQ for any future questions. If you have questions, you are always welcome to
reach out.

# My Management Style

## My Role

I see my role as a manager is to help my team grow their careers, and help
individuals build skills and experience required to obtain their next role
through success in their current role.

I believe that you will be successful if you have clarity in your role, a role
that gives you energy, and team structure and environment that supports you.

I believe that for you to thrive, the team needs to thrive, and my job is to
create an environment where the team thrives.

## Feedback & Trust

Trust and respect come from open communication, between the team members, and
feedback to me. I value your feedback and will ask you for it, it helps me guide
the team and make informed decisions. Without this insight, I am guessing.

I value and welcome everyone's perspective, and believe it is only through
diverse insight that we make our best decisions. If you think I am making a
mistake, tell me. Even if I think your perspective is not the correct course of
action, I still value it.

## The Team is a Unit

I will refer to "us" and "we" and "the team" as a group even when we are talking
about your individual goals. This does not mean the concept of "you" is not
important - I will always be thinking about your role as part of the team so you
share in everyone's success, they share in your success, and no one has to go
alone.

Mutual respect in the team is paramount. Always assume good intentions, and
actively listen to each other.

We win together, so never go alone. And if we fail, we can address quickly as a
group and move towards success.

You have permission to fail. This does not mean I want you to fail, but moreso
that I encourage us to take risks together.

## Diversity & Inclusion

I need to ensure I call out explicitly the importance of fostering an inclusive
environment for everyone that fosters diverse perspectives. This is something I
truly believe in and am committed to driving. I hold myself accountable to this
and expect my teams to hold me accountable.

I believe people perform at their best when they believe they belong, are
included, heard, valued, and supported. I believe Teams perform at their best
when they leverage the diverse perspectives of everyone in the team, and in turn
create an inclusive environment for their people.

## Disagree & Commit

We will inevitably disagree at times, and still need to move forward. We can
always stay agile and plot a new course if we are wrong, but not making a
decision is much worse - perfection is the enemy of progress.

# Admin

## Modes of Communication

Best ways to contact me:

1.  Teams - Direct message

2.  Email

Teams is by far the best.

I will often work on weekends, out of hours, and occasionally on vacation. I
**do not** expect this from you. I **do not** expect a response if I send a
message to you out of hours.

For emergencies, you can call and SMS me any time 24/7 - however Teams is still
the most resilient and reliable mode of communication so feel free to broadcast
across phone/Teams if urgent.

## Connection Cadence

To ensure there is an opportunity for us to connect, I will schedule regular
1:1's with all direct and skip reports.

The meeting agenda is yours, and the purpose is not a status meeting. In person
meetings are best if possible, however with COVID-19 this is less likely, so
video conference is the next best option.

For my directs I schedule weekly 1:1's for 30 minutes. For my skip reports I
schedule 15 minutes every 3 months.  

Anyone is welcome to book a meeting with me in addition to this at any time. My
calendar gets busy, so availability will determine how soon we can meet.

We will run an all hands every 3 months, in which we will discuss high level
progress, communication from our leadership, and I will share my thoughts. I
will seek input from you for this and welcome participation. I will also run
these ahead of our skip meetings to make the most of the 1:1 interaction.

## Approvals

If you are posting requests for approval (leave, expenses, etc) to me, I
generally approve in real-time. If I have not approved within 24 hours, feel
free to ping me.

Expenses grouped into logical chunks make it significantly easier for me to
approve. If I have to spend time deciphering your approvals, I can not do it in
real-time. As such I will need to set aside time which can in turn add days to
the approval turnaround.

For example...

>   Expenses for \<Customer Engagement\>

>   Expenses for \<Customer Engagement 2\>

>   General Expenses

... helps me assess and approve much faster than ...

>   Expenses for \<Customer Engagement 1\> + \<Customer Engagement\> + General
>   Expenses + ...
